# Version 1.1.X updates

Updates in the version range 1.1.X

## 1.1.14

- Updated `TerminalDisplay.py` to make user of `readKey` instead.

## 1.1.13

- Updated `Version.py` to make the notice of new PythonFunction update clearer.

## 1.1.12

- Updated `TerminalDisplay.py` to be able to remove more options in the list at a time.

## 1.1.11

- Moved files around
- Added `CSV` support to `Save`
- Added `CSV` support to `Save_test`
- Updated `Version.py` to display how to mute the message.
- Updated `Save` documentation

## 1.1.10

- Updated `Version.py` to not do anything if the setting says it should be muted.

## 1.1.9

- Updated tests
- Fixed an issue with `None` or `''` being passed into os.makedirs in `src/PythonFunctions/SaveModules/NORMAL.py`
- Added `__main__.py` with `-s` and `-v` arguments. (`-s` generates `PyFuncSet.json` file, `-v` prints the module version)
- Updated `Version.py` to not run at start (the out of data check) unless mainally called.
- Updated `__init__.py` to accomodate for `Version.py` changes
- Added `CreateStringVar` to `ui.py` for easy creation of string variables (without having to also import tk into your module)
- Updated documentation
- Removed old documentation (A: online is more up to date. B: If you have the source code, you can view the online version even if offline)
- Updated contributing information

## 1.1.8

- Added new check module. `str` (Checks if X is in tuple / list provided)

## 1.1.7

- Fixed issue where ui.AddLabel would say image was required.

## 1.1.6

- Fixed issue where `CleanFolderData.RemoveReserved()` would not remove files with `*`

## 1.1.5

- Fixed another issue with `CleanFolderdata.clean()` causing reserved file not to be removed (or everything got removed).

## 1.1.4

- Fixed issue with `CleanFolderData.clean()` not working due to resvered not being a string

## 1.1.3

- Added `*.txt` (wildcard) support to `CleanFolderData.RemoveReserved()`
- Added str support to `CleanFolderData.RemoveReserved()` (You can pass in a string now without it breaking)
- Updated testing to include `*.txt` support

## 1.1.2

- Fixed issue with getting server version.

## 1.1.1

- Fixed issue with how i did the update check (also made a new function because of it)
- Added documentation for how to mute the update output

## 1.1.0

- Created documentation on readthedocs
- Added dependencies to pyproject.toml
- Renamed some stuff
- Improved some checks
- Fixed some bugs
- Added Version.txt to inform people of outdated versions.
- Removed loading all the modules on __init__
- Updated and fixed tests
