# Version 1.2.X updates

Updates in the version range 1.2.X

## 1.2.8

- Updated google api installation so it shouldn't install cryptography. (You might have to install the main module first before the google)

## 1.2.7

- Added 2 new functions into Save
- Updated Save documentation
- Removed old temparary fix.

## 1.2.6

- Added a bad temparary way to use google drive
- Updated google drive documentation
- Removed annoying missing google drive api in save module. Only prints now if you try to use the drive api.

## 1.2.5

- Updated `TerminalDisplay.ShowOptions` to not show `_` in the ui when options have spaces

## 1.2.4.1

- Added typewriter effect to `TerminalDisplay.ShowHeader`
- Added typewritter effect documentation.
- (Github code) Updated ModuleUpload
- Used 1.2.4.1 due to 1.2.4 breaking stuff.

## 1.2.3

- Removed print that i acidently left in `TerminalDisplay.py`

## 1.2.2

- Fixed an issue in `TerminalDisplay.py` not having multiple arguments in an option. (Also improved the system of adding them)

## 1.2.1

- Updated `AddOption` index in `TerminalDisplay.py` to have a default value
- Fixed an issue with TerminalDisplay when selecting an option in grid mode.

## 1.2.0

- Bumbed versions
- Added `Version.py` documentation
- Updated `Version.py` to make sure that you are on the newest version using `>`
- Updated `__init__.py` to include the new `Version.py` function
- Fixed issues with pypi and version numbering. (Reason to bumb versions as well)
- Fixed an issue slowly causing `Version.py` to break (was todo with my version updater module.)
- Moved `cryptography` from requirements to optional requirements.
