# Save.py

FILE: [Save.py](../src/PythonFunctions/Save.py)

## Usage

A system to easly write, read, delete data. with support of multiple file systems and encryption levels

```py
from src.PythonFunctions import save

sv = save() # initilise class
sv.Save("Hello World", "tmp.txt", [sv.encoding.BINARY])
data = sv.Read("tmp.txt", sv.encoding.BINARY)
print(data)
```

### Supporting other file systems

As i plan to add in support for more file systems in the future, you will need to use a different prefix to interact with those apis and file systems.

These prefixes are:

- `gdr://` (Google drive)
- `ftp://` (File transfer protocol) (not secure version)
- `oth://` (Other)

If nothing is included, the default file system will be used (local file system)

If you want to support a file system / api that i don't support, you will need to use `oth://`. If you want to add in a system by default, then submit a pull request and i'll look into it.

The below information is file system specific. Otherwise it just works like a normal file system with a prefix.

#### ftp

`ftp://192.168.120.1:21/Hi.txt`

Above is an example of a path to the file "Hi.txt" on an ftp server.
In this case:

- `ftp://` Tells the script that the next thing is a URL
- `192.168.120.1` Tells the script the IP that the server is on.
- `21` Tells the script the port the server is on (Defalt: 21)
- `/Hi.txt` Tells the script the file / folder to intreact with.

Notes of worth:

- Everytime the program restart, you will be asked for you password again.
- On program start, you will be asked to check if your username is correct.

#### oth

A file system that i have not made, but is still alvalible for use. To use, you have to start with `oth://`. When using it, the first time the path to the module is required, after that (until the script stops) you will use the same module.

If you are making a script, please follow use [template.py](../src/PythonFunctions/SaveModules/template.py) as a base and make your class using that file. This is so that the main script can easily run those files. Encoding the data has been supported by me, you just need to manage where the data goes.

### Functions and arguments

Notes:

- If the path does not exists, then the system will make the folders first before doing stuff
- The `encoding` argument in some functions, can be a list or just one value. If it is a list it will encode / decode multiple times before reaching the output. (Following the order in the list).

#### Save

```py
sv = save()
sv.Save("Hello World", "tmp.txt", [sv.encoding.BINARY])
```

Save the specified data to a file using the specified encoding.

Required Arguments:

- data: any (The data you want to save)
- path: str (Where to save the data to)

Optional Arguments:

- encoding: sv.encoding (The type of encoding)

#### Read

```py
sv = save()
data = sv.Read("tmp.txt", sv.encoding.BINARY)
print(data)
```

This decodes the file and prints the output.

Required Arguments:

- path: str (The path to read from)

Optional Arguments:

- encoding: sv.encoding (The type of encoding.)

**Note abount encoding argument**:
If it's a list, it will do the reverse order of the list. This is so you can put in the same list and it will decode without you having to change the list at all.

#### MakeFolders

```py
sv = save()
sv.MakeFolders("Test1")
```

Make a folder (or folders). will use the run path as the default parent.

Required Arguments:

- path: str (Path to create the folder at)

#### RemoveFile

```py
sv = save()
sv.RemoveFile("tmp.txt")
```

Remove the file at path.

Required Arguments:

- path: str (Path to remove the file from)

##### RemoveFolder

```py
sv = save()
sv.RemoveFolder("Test1")
```

Remove the folder and all subdirs of that folder.

Required Arguments:

- path: str (Path to remove the folder from.)

#### ChangePasscode

```py
sv = save()
passcode = sv.ChangePasscode()
```

Changed the stored passcode and returns it. NOTE: unless you have the old passcode, all files won't be accessed using this new passcode.

This passcode is randomly generated by cryptography (if installed)